Where is she?! I'm freaky with it.­
I need my dick sucked.­ Now.­
I need top. I need me a little neckmaster.­
I can't stop, I'm feelin' too crazy.­
I feel wild, I'm slobbering.­
I'm ready.­
I'm a real freak, a real creature.­
Buckle up, jit - we're going for a ride in the Batmobile.­
Where is she? I'm feelin' too crazy right now, where is she?
I need it. I need it now.­
I know I'm a bat, but I need that monkey.­
[aggressively sniffs] It's Monkey Monday...
Bat talk. Bat chat.­
Grodie? Grodie, are you good?
Grodie, did you have too many percs?
Bat talk. It's never been this serious.­
I'm feelin' crazy right now. Shit is feeling crazy right now.
Bat talk. It's Bat Talk. IT'S BAT TALK.­
Wherе is she?! I'm a real creaturе.­
I could never crash out over no bitch!
I buy silly shit, yeah!
I'm really having this shit.­
How could I be gay? My bitch is homophobic.­
This bat signal's not a pager, these hoes abusing it.­
What are you, a fed?! Are you a fuckin' fed?!
I'm the real Two-Face. I'm crazy. I'm rigorous.­
Shake the city, then. I'm gonna keep it a buck with you.­
I'm gonna shake the city, then.­
I haven't been milked in a minute.­
[grunting] I need a release! [more grunting]
I'm moving so crazy right now.
I'm moving so crazy right now. I need to release!
Forgiatos on the Batmobile. That asshole better be breathin'.­
I'll up the glick on anybody.­
I'm at Whole Foods with that Ruger.­
Estás mirando Bat talk. Bat talk.­
Sana, sana... Colita de rana.­
Charlar... The murciélago.
I need a big bitch. With normal people legs.­
I need a bitch with dirty feet.­
This lifestyle's starting to get expensive.­
I might need to reconsider.­
Huffin' on Herculean reptoid snake eggs.­
I'm smokin' on some shit that don't even exist yet.­
Is that water in that cup? They better not be percs.­
This ain't no molly water.­
I'm sippin' that activist, but I don't stand for shit.­
It used to be two hundred dollars a pint, now that shit five thousand.­
The fuck am I supposed to do?
Hold 'em. Hold 'em. Hold 'em.­
I don't think you'll understand how crazy I'm feelin' right now.­
I'm about to do something crazy.­
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice.­
Come here, bitch, you look ripe.­
Alright, I need it. I need it. I need it. I need it. I need it. I need it.
Ferragamo bat belt.­
Indian ginseng got me feelin' wild.­
The rico just hit.­ [crumbles]
Uhh, the rico just hit.­
[laughs, growls] I'm a dog. I'm feelin' crazy!
[growls, itching] The perc hit! The perc hit! [growls] The perc hit!
Beans kickin' in, beans kickin' in!
[growls] Sana, sana, Colita de rana!
Sana, sana... Colita de rana.­
We're only bumpin' Peso Peso in the Batmobile.­
I got that bat missile on me, yeah! It's bat talk!
I'm lookin' for a target!
I'm cracking down on some insidious crime organization called the Butt Mugglers.­
I can't say much about them, other than that...
Other than, if you ever feel your ass itching more than-
If you ever feel your ass itching more than usual, you can bet your bottom buck the Butt Mugglers are involved.­
¿Un dolar para un New Port? ¿Es todo lo que cuesta en estos dias?
¿Valió la pena de tu vida? ¡Huh?
¡Esta muerto?
¿De veras quieres mota?
¿Valió la pena de tu vida? ¡Eh?
Soy Batman. ¡Te voy a chingar tu vida!
¡Me estan haciedo experimentos!
